A total of 100 companies invested in the night market
Including family chaebol groups around the world
Private equity is not so much nonsense
The one with the most capital injection
The top five will do
The most invested is the Rothschild family
Hahaha, did you see it?
The one with the most capital injection is Ross Cai
What? You're right.
That's the oldest syndicate family in the world
Once controlled the world's financial life
The strength behind it is too great to be reconciled
How could it be wrong?
Not only this one
Return the Walker family
Dupont family
The Morgan family and the island royal family
South African sheikh
Too many to count
Just these people
These families and interviews are world-class interpretations
They're big.
You can't afford to offend
Right? What?
Why because you are blind and cute?
I can't see what I can do every night
Aren't you very good at barking?
Come on, keep barking
Did I choose the wrong one again?
Less people do
So is Ye Rulong
I, Chu Ruoxi, want to argue, why is it so difficult?
No, I ask to teach
Are you crazy?
You beg those continents, how many heads do you have?
But no, but if you lose, you lose.
You are presumptuous
You have the ability
Waiter, don't do it too early.
It's time for the building chamber of commerce election to officially start
Manager Zhang is invited to enter